---
layout: post
title: Mema
description: >-
  My world became a little bit smaller this past Saturday morning when I lost my
  sweet grandma Nora, or Mema as we called her.
date: '2011-03-28T21:32:40.000Z'
categories: []
keywords: []
slug: /@bbhart_ca/mema-817a759470c8
---

My world became a little bit smaller this past Saturday morning when I lost my sweet grandma Nora, or Mema as we called her.

> Mrs. Nora L. Jackson, 89, of Albany died Saturday March 26, 2011 at Lee County Health Care. The funeral service will be held at 12:00 PM Monday March 28, 2011 at Banks Funeral Home with interment to follow in the Hillcrest Cemetery with Rev. Tony Haefs officiating. The family will receive friends on Monday from 11:00 AM until the service hour.  Mrs. Jackson was born on January 22, 1922 in Chester, GA, to the late Johnny Rufus and Mattie Lee Rowland Edge. She had lived in Albany most of her life and was a homemaker who enjoyed playing canasta and cooking. Mrs. Jackson was a member of the Gillionville Baptist Church. Survivors include a daughter Mischele Hart (Donald) of Johnson City, TN; son, David Jackson (Rachel) of Albany; sister, Winnie E. Willis of Sylvester; grandchildren, Brian Hart, Leighton Hart, Chris Jackson and Amy Jackson and 6 great grandchildren. Mrs. Jackson was preceded in death by her husband Claude M. Jackson, daughter Patricia Ann Jackson, brothers, Massey, Willie B. and Rufus Edge and a sister Mary Joe Edge.

The funeral was today in Sylvester, GA, and I’m still struggling to come to terms with everything. I was fortunate enough to come up to Albany in late January for her 89th birthday. During that time she had lucid moments but was mostly worn out and slept a lot. Still, we were able to spend quality time together. We shared photos and videos of my 19 month old son. The very last time we spoke was just as I was getting ready to leave to drive back to Orlando. I sat on the side of her bed, we talked and laughed, and I think in our hearts we both knew this was probably the last time we would see each other. I have regrets about not staying longer, but I’m extremely thankful for that time we had together.

I mostly kept it together today during the service. The full gravity of the situation hit me hard when it was time to lay hands on the casket and help her to the hearse.

She was a wonderful woman who faced, at times, overwhelming hardship and sadness, and yet did so with the greatest love for her family. I’m not sure what else to write, but somehow I know that she would be OK with that. There’s a big hole in my heart today. I miss you, Mema.

